---
title: Perspective
---

## Moment 1
I was invited to ride around campus to deliver face masks. I talk every now and then with this person but we aren’t close. As we were walking towards Olin to fill up the box that Boss is holding, the friend turned to me and said, “Hey, I heard others talking the other day that your parents own million-dollar homes and that’s why are you able to study abroad?” I jokingly replied that it would be nice if it were true.

## Moment 2
During the Presidental Seminar, we talked about racism and engaging across lines of difference. Someone in the class said that while there may not be a clear solution, we at least know what to not do. They continued on, by saying that China is currently avoiding engaging the differences with Muslim suppressions in Xinjiang Province. I responded immediately, claiming that these are mere speculations based on satellite images with no field reporting by any journalists. I carried on by pointing out that, the US, the country with its founding values to have freedom of religion, went through an extended period of religious suppression on Mormons. After Joeseph Smith claimed to have spoken with God, he and believers were driven out of their property. Local militia forms wherever Mormons resettle. That brought to my point and I ended with how Christian’s suppression of Mormonism is a more appropriate example of what not to do than the Chinese’s potential suppression of Muslims, given the drastic cultural differences that exist between the two countries.

## Discussion
Being stereotyped to be a rich Asian was shocking to me. 10% of my high school population was made of international students, out of which 92% were Chinese exchange students. The 12 of us joined American students to merely be another group of students, representing a different region. Here at Wofford, however, I am the only Chinese student out of 2300 enrolled. So that conversation during the mask delivery let me see how I am the odd one out. People ask questions only when they are curious. They get curious when they see something they are not used to. To them, I am a Chinese student going to a school costing $60,000 a year. They also know that the living standards in China are significantly lower than that of the US, which then led them to believe that my parents are far above average in China. In fact, however, many exchange students are not wealthy. Choosing Wofford with its scholarships for me over other schools actually was the cheapest option. I am confident that the student who asked me meant no harm, and none was taken. I just saw a clear line of difference in what others believe and the reality and appreciated that conversation.

After my rebuttal to show the incomparableness between China’s religious suppression and racism in the US, some students came up to me and thought I had a very good point. They were also surprised that I knew the details of a historical period on Mormonism. I asked them why, most just said, “well I wasn’t expecting.” I thought over and over exactly what do they mean, and came to the conclusion that given the current events of the world, they must think China places a huge restriction on religion. Therefore, they weren’t expecting me to know much about Christianity or even become interested in it. I never thought anyone will think of me that way. Wofford has a long history of religious associations and all of its students can be just as interested in it. In fact, I would say I am fairly interested in religion. My religion credit was satisfied by Dr. Anderson’s Religion and Medicine class. This class is my opportunity to learn more about religions and their different values before diving deep into Computer Science at graduate school. This was a remarkable experience that shows me a very different version of me from others point of view. At multiple points, I kept saying, “wait THIS is what others think of me.” I am happy in the sense that I have a clearer understanding of others but more so about my actions which were able to at least change some of their opinions. 
